# Requiriments Evolution
During the first and second deliveries, the requirements did not undergo modifications because the established requirements were the ones that could be implemented at that time. The team did not add requirements that could not be fulfilled, so during the second delivery, where the most significant progress was the code, the documentation, including the requirements, remained unchanged.

Now, having concluded with the previously established requirements, in this third delivery, the team decided to modify the requirements to add functionalities to the system. Throughout the project's development, a better understanding of the system being worked on was generated, making it possible to add requirements and modify others to give the project a more defined focus, greater scope, and greater relevance than simply generating a CRUD.

The functional requirements underwent the most modifications as initially, there were only "The system will display the number of previously registered students and their information," "The system will allow the user to assign grades for each module of each registered student," and "The system will allow the user to edit the grades of the students within the assigned time period." The first requirement was retained with modifications, as the system will now display the necessary information of the students in a table. Similarly, the second and third requirements were retained, although the third underwent changes as it was not possible to establish the time period for edits.

New requirements were added where the system gained new functionalities, such as having a login system that recognizes whether the inserted username and password belong to an instructor or a student, leading to two different views. The first view is for instructors, where they can select the diploma program to which they belong, assign and edit grades from the table containing student information; additionally, they can generate a PDF with this information. In the second view, students can review their grades by entering their matriculation numbers and selecting the diploma program or course to which they belong. They can also generate a certificate based on the courses they have taken and whether they passed or not.
